Do you truly believe that you should be
easygoing, undemanding, and happy with
whatever you get in order to really be
happy? If yes, then let me ask you, why
do highmaintenance women seem to get
everything and even more they want and
seem to be happier than everyone else on
earth? Hi guys, welcome back to my
channel. My name is Michaela and today
we are talking about what
highmaintenance women do differently and
why they are more happy than
lowmaintenance woman. Let's get into
this. Many of us have been told that we
should be chill. We should accept
whatever we got because we should be
grateful for whatever we have. And it's
almost like it's a compliment to be
lowmaintenance nowadays. But today I'm
going to explain to you everything
highmaintenance women do differently and
everything I implemented in my life. And
since then I get everything I want and
even more. The first thing is that
highmaintenance women know their worth.
They would never settle for the bare
minimum. They would never beg for some
kind of effort because they know they
deserve so much more. and they also know
they can get so much more. I think once
you got more, you also know that you can
have it, but you need to do the first
step to also expect more. For example,
if a guy cancels last minute, she is not
saying it's fine, let's do it another
time. She is saying I need consistency
and if you can't give me that, I'm not
interested. This already is protecting
you from people who are not wanting to
give you more, from people who are not
wanting to show effort, from people who
are not really that interested. And
because you set already that boundary in
the very beginning, no guy will want to
go further if you already say, "Hey, I
don't like this. I'm not interested."
Next thing is they set standards and
they keep them. If she says once, she
wants consistency. She doesn't accept
hot and cold. If she says once, she
values respect and she notice one red
flag. She doesn't even tolerate that one
red flag, she is out. And that's one big
difference. Lowmaintenance woman would
compromise, would understand, would try
to talk it down and see it as not that
bad versus a highmaintenance woman knows
exactly her values, her standards, her
boundaries, and she is not crossing
them. And by her not crossing those
boundaries, by her not crossing those
standards, she's also not allowing
anyone else doing that. So for example,
if someone makes empty promises, if
someone says more than the actions show,
instead of saying it's fine, I don't
want to seem too needy, you can say I
value effort and I only invest in people
that are also investing in me. And
that's it. If a person doesn't
reciprocate what you want, you have to
walk away from that person. Doesn't
matter who it is. The next point is
attracting high quality people. As I
already said, a woman who expects more
already. She is filtering out people who
are flaky, lazy, and not that serious.
So, she wouldn't even encounter and
waste her energy and time with people
who won't give her what she needs. And
because she is on a level that embodies
that respect, that standards, that
boundaries and everything that she is
and she wants, she also attracts people
who can give her that. If you are
treating yourself with the highest
respect, if you are treating yourself
with the most care, with the most love,
if you're treating yourself in a
luxurious way, you will find people, you
will attract people who will treat you
the same way as you do. Then everyone in
her life is showing up for her because
she won't tolerate anything less.
Imagine you are taking yourself out to
nice restaurants, nice cafes all the
time and treating yourself and then you
are dating a guy who wants to invite you
to a date in McDonald's. That's now a
very basic example, but just for you to
see what I mean. You would not allow
someone to take you on a date to
McDonald's when you yourself are going
to nice restaurants, to cafes. So, your
level, your energy, your standards are
already way higher. And a person that
would invite you to a McDonald's date is
either a joke to make you laugh or is
not even coming in your environment. So
next time someone is lacking effort, you
can say I don't chase. If they want me,
they will show it. Instead of justifying
their behavior, instead of making it
seem not such a big deal. The next point
is highmaintenance women are taking care
of themselves without guilt. And this
has nothing to do with looks. It has to
do with looks, but it's mainly about
selfrespect. When you are respecting
yourself, you take care of how you look,
how you present yourself, how you smell,
how your hair are, how your teeth look.
This seem very simple and basic, but
believe me, taking care of yourself is
setting the tone for others to take care
of you, for others to respect you. You
maybe think, "Nobody sees if I'm taking
supplements. Nobody really sees how much
water I'm drinking. Nobody really
notices that. That's something I do in
private by myself. Yes. But it shows in
selfrespect when you take care of
yourself in such a good way. Drink your
water, eat healthy, take care of your
dress, take care of your skin, and smell
good and so on. It shows, honey. It
shows because that's the respect you
give yourself. If you're eating good
because you love yourself, you want to
nurture your body, it shows in your
demeanor about yourself. It's not about
your body. It's not about anything. But
it shows if you respect yourself. If you
keep overeing, you're not respecting
yourself. If you keep eating junk food,
you're not respecting yourself. If you
keep not taking care of your hair, of
your appearance, you are not respecting
yourself, honey. And this has also
nothing to do with men or women. I think
men are the same. If you as a man are
not taking care of yourself, of your
appearance, of how you smell, of how you
dress, of how you get out of the house,
of how you talk, of how you bring
yourself up, then you do not respect
yourself. You can say you respect
yourself but it doesn't show because you
are not doing the work that someone that
respects himself is doing. If you want
to be a highmaintenance woman or men,
you have to take care of yourself
without guilt. Investing in your skin
care, investing in your supplements,
investing in your hair routine, in your
shower gel, in your makeup, in your
dress is not something that is optional.
Investing in yourself is a
non-negotiable. And if you do that, if
that's how you go about life, believe
me, people around you will see this and
will reciprocate. And also it's another
way of filtering out people who are not
doing the same for themselves. The next
thing is a highmaintenance woman is not
afraid to walk away. And that's such a
big topic for me too because I always
thought I do not want to walk away. I do
not want to hurt people. I do not want
to be hurt by losing people. But a woman
who is high maintenance, who knows her
worth, who knows her standards, who
knows her boundaries, is not afraid to
walk away of whatever doesn't serve her,
of whatever doesn't do anything good to
her life. You do not sit around and wait
for people to change. Don't beg for
attention. You don't chase anyone. You
don't
overexlain. You don't try to convince
anyone. You simply replace a person if
it doesn't fit with what you need. And
that sounds harsh, but that's the truth.
If you think now about two women, one
woman is staying with a person that is
draining her. She's trying to convince
him to change, to be a better version of
him, to get a better job, to believe in
himself. She's almost his therapist. And
then you think about the woman who was
with the same guy but she left
immediately. She saw this guy is not
reciprocating what she needs in her
life. And now she is with her dream
partner that is giving her all the love,
all the attention, all the gifts, all
the respect that she ever wanted in her
life. So even if it sounds mean, it's
actually something so basic and simple
that everyone should do in order not to
waste time on someone or something that
is not meant for you. As I said in
another video, I believe that people
come into our lives for two reasons.
Either to be a lesson or to be a
blessing. And if someone is a lesson for
you, then this person is coming into
your life to teach you something. And
once you learned whatever this lesson
was, the task is done for this person.
There is no place anymore for this
person in your life. So this person has
to be set free. This person has no place
has nothing to do anymore in your life
because the task is done. You have done
your task in the life of the other
person and the other person has done the
task in your life and that's when it's
time to separate. And the difference
between lowmaintenance woman and
highmaintenance woman is that a
highmaintenance woman, she sees it
immediately. She knows it's time to let
go. It's time to walk away when it's
time. and she doesn't look back and she
doesn't beg and she doesn't try to
change to defend to whatever. She's just
accepting the truth of what it is and is
walking away. And you know what? I know
that sounds a bit harsh and maybe cold,
but that doesn't mean that high
maintenance women don't have emotion and
should be cold. Not at all. High
maintenance women just know how to deal
with their emotions. They know that pain
is here to heal. Pain comes and goes.
And a period of pain is a period of
growth. A period of letting go someone,
the grief of letting go someone is also
the period of growth and making space
for someone new. At the end, that's all
about confidence. And confidence makes a
woman magnetic. And when you're
magnetic, of course, you are attracting
more people, more blessings, and more
gifts in your life. So next time you're
finding yourself in a similar situation,
I want you to think instead of maybe I
should be patient and see if things
change, you say, I don't wait for
potential. If it's not working, I'm
moving on. The next point that
highmaintenance women are prioritizing
is their happiness. If you want to be
high maintenance, you cannot wait for
someone to make you happy, to bring you
happiness, to take you out on nice
dates, on nice trips, on nice holidays.
You have to give yourself that already
before you can even expect from someone
else to do that. Because if you want to
be high maintenance, you need to be
already what you will be expecting from
someone else. If you prioritize your
happiness, you don't live for someone
else. You live for yourself and you want
to make yourself happy at all cost. You
have to know what makes you feel good
and you have to do what makes you feel
good. And if you are focused on what
makes you happy, you are also stopping
to please everyone else because you
can't please everyone and make you
happy. When you start to make yourself
happy, you will also start to disappoint
some people because they do not agree
with what you want or what makes you
happy. And that's completely fine. You
have to stop waiting for that perfect
moment to go on a holiday. You have to
wait for having 10 times the money to
buy that one crazy nice dress that you
want for so long. You have to just do
it. Treat yourself and make yourself
happy. The next point and very big point
is demanding effort in relationships. If
we conclude everything we have talked
about already and put this now into
relationships into romantic
relationships of course if you want to
be a highmaintenance woman you need to
set your standards in relationships very
high so you can attract a man that can
reach to that standards. If a man wants
you, he has to prove it through actions
and not just words. Everyone can promise
everything through words but actions is
what you have to focus on. You have to
see what are his actions showing. By
doing that you will also stop to be
impressed by potential you will only be
impressed by results. So if you are for
example dating someone who could be a
good catch, who could be really nice,
he's good-looking, but his job
is so so and he's not really that man
that you wish he would be. Like he's not
that masculine. He's not that worker
man. He's not
really having those qualities of
leadership. But you're thinking as a
lowmaintenance woman, he can change.
It's fine. He has other positive sides.
I can look away from that one. But if
you are high maintenance, you can't look
away from a main point that is important
for you. If it's important for you to
have a masculine man that has a
successful business and has those
qualities of a masculine man, then you
cannot accept a man in your life that is
not having all those qualities. And
because you demand effort with your
demeanor, with your lifestyle, you will
be also treated like a priority and not
an option. So, next time you're
thinking, oh, maybe he's just not that
good at expressing himself, you can
rephrase that and say, if he would care,
he would show it. And if he doesn't show
it, I'm not interested. The next point
is do not play small. If you want to be
high maintenance, you cannot play small.
Do not downplay your success. Do not
downplay your beauty. Do not downplay
your desires or your dreams. Take up
space. The space is for you. If you know
your worth, if you know your desires, if
you take care of treating yourself and
making yourself happy over and over
again, there is no other way you would
not take up space and be proud of that.
If you are so invested in yourself, of
course, you're proud of yourself. So
show up as that woman that is proud of
herself. The next point is being too
much is actually a good thing and as a
highmaintenance woman you should know
that if you are in a room and someone
says to you you're being too much you
know that you are in the wrong room. You
refuse to make yourself smaller, to
shrink, to fit in any room because
whoever says you're being too much for
this room, that's the wrong room for
you. And that's the same with people. If
someone says to you, you're being too
much, that's not your person. And that's
also why a highmaintenance woman is
always happier than a lowmaintenance
woman. Because when you take up your
space, when you are proud of yourself,
when you are
unapologetically being yourself and not
changing yourself or composing yourself
in any way to make other people
comfortable, you will only be surrounded
by people who actually like you for who
you are and who actually get you. There
are so many people out there who would
get you that way. So why compromising
yourself? Why making yourself smaller
than what you are in order to be with
smaller people? You can be with anyone.
You can be surrounded by anyone, by
business owners, by successful people,
by stars, by superstars. But you have to
be that version of yourself first. And
the next and the last point is
highmaintenance women have a life that
excites them. How many times did I find
myself in a situation where I was
waiting for a man to take me out to that
luxurious restaurant? How many times was
I waiting for that perfect moment to get
on a holiday? How many times was I
waiting to simply live fully and was
always pushing things away for a later
moment when it's more fitting, when it's
more perfect. By doing that, you are
actually denying yourself to live your
best life. If you want to be high
maintenance, it's not something you just
do by waking up and taking care of
yourself. It's actually something you
need to put effort in. You have to
create your dream life already now. You
cannot wait for a man to make your dream
life happen. No, you have to wake up and
think about what do I want? What do I
need in this life? And you have to make
it happen. You create your beauty. You
create your luxury. You create your
dream life. And nobody else is
responsible for that. And as a
highmaintenance woman, you know that you
are responsible for that. And only that
way you will also build a life around
what you want and not what someone else
is expecting from you. This is about
living your best life as a woman. And if
you want to call it high maintenance
woman or low maintenance woman, I think
it doesn't really matter. The difference
is if you are respecting yourself and
creating your life by intention and if
you are wanting to have more in life. If
you are wanting to attract people in
life who are treating you better. If you
want to have a life that fulfills you,
that makes you wake up every morning
full of excitement and that makes you
look in the mirror and you think, "Wow,
girl, you're so beautiful. I'm so proud
of what you have created. Then these
steps that I mentioned in the past 30
minutes are really really important. And
please forget about high maintenance,
low maintenance. I just use this term
right now because it's an easier way of
explaining the differences. But I think
you get me. It has nothing to do with
being high or low maintainance, but it
has so much to do with how much you
respect yourself and how much you love
yourself. I hope this video could help
you. I hope you can implement some of
the points in your daily life. And I
hope you will start to attract more
happiness, more beauty, and more
blessings in your life. Thank you so so
much for watching. I see you in my next
video and I love you so much. Bye-bye.